there is nothing, a policeman arrived and
I remove the gun
[Applause]
the crazy there was more
that Americans are wonderful
he carries capacity of them cars that
they offer beautiful apartments
a whole penny
etc
you have to see that the Americans are
wonderful they really brought us a
Vaquita imported the cow ginga for a
farm in the state zulia to get him
you kid in that they were all very happy
all but above all the craziest bull
of all and the bass are the tone of mockery
and the terrible ' a 5 the wire fence
of prongs to meet the new vaquita
and he is approached by the angel with the precious
welcome to this your hacienda how you
flames says
and the little bull that says very sad I
I call terry balls but flame mind and what
I lost it in the barbed wire
those things
and this way
[Laughs]
fortunately he does not look but he did
that I come by the way to English is already
Well, it's good to get in there like something
quiet
they organized a marathon in the
organization and are reconciled by
there and then they organized a marathon
there in the area where he lives good manolin
imagine you are being called so that the
from the starting order to the runners
and they tell him he just has to make a
shot for the runners to come out
running is tremendous redundancies and I went out to
run the runners and ask them
hand to the organizer
I continued to bear the lies of
what ever of this perez fulfills
this I'm going to put smacks that is going to
die of hunger air
please do not lie that the other day the
your son came from school and told you to
me the teacher sent me to buy me
an encyclopedia yes sir mother does not have
to touch an encyclopedist I quoted him
write in simple or pressed you
is going to walk to school how it has gone
all my ancestor on foot like his dad
like your mom